welcome to the League of Legends
champion spotlight featuring Darius the
hand of noxus Darius is a melee fighter
whose six two targets drops their health
pools with bleeds and finally execute
them for a kill if you like getting into
the thick of it and being a major source
of pain take a spin with darius darius
is passive is hemorrhage Darius's basic
attacks and damaging abilities apply
stacks of hemorrhage up to a cap
hemorrhaging enemies bleed taking damage
over time for each stack additionally
Darius gains bonus movement speed for
every bleeding enemy champion decimate
swings Darius's acts around in a circle
damaging all nearby enemies enemy
champions on the outside ring of the
ability are struck by the blade of the
axe and take additional damage as his
primary damage tool I take decimate at
level 1 and max it right away crippling
strike causes Darius's next basic attack
to deal bonus damage and slow his target
crippling strike cools down faster for
every hemorrhage stack on his target for
increased damage and crowd control I
took a point in crippling strike early
and Max by level 13 apprehend passively
gives Darius bonus armor penetration
when activated he pulls in all enemies
in front of him primary a utility
ability I take one point in apprehend
early but max it last by level 18
Darius's ultimate is noxian guillotine
when activated Darius leaps to target
enemy champion healing extreme damage
noxian guillotine deals bonus damage
based on how many hemorrhage stacks are
on his target additionally if noxian
guillotine deals the killing blow the
abilities cooldown is immediately
refreshed early laning depends on the
matchup against melee champions like
singed establish your role as a bully
hit decimate for bonus damage and look
to add hemorrhage stacks whenever
possible try to stand between the
minions and the enemy champion denying
him last hits and gold if enemy
champions are ever pushed to your own
turret minion damage reduction masteries
will let you tank them and prevent the
turret from stealing your
goal once your minion wave finally
arrives let them take it in last hit as
normal you'll also want to watch for
ganks with an early site ward placing it
either in the river or this brush here
if you want to harass the enemy in Lane
pull them in with apprehend land a basic
attack immediately hit crippling strike
to hit them again and finally use
decimate alternatively leading with
decimate into a basic attack followed by
crippling strike also gives plenty of
damage in a short time when a teammate
comes to gank save apprehend until they
attempt to run I open on fiddle sticks
with decimate into a basic attack in
crippling strike only once Fiddlesticks
starts to escape do I pull him back in
with apprehend picking up a quick kill
Darius is most potent right after
decimate hits rank 5 so look for any
nearby fights once you hit level nine as
I see Twisted Fate attempt to run i
apprehend into a decimate attack
crippling strike combo i keep pace and
pick up the kill running from crow storm
until it ends then I make sure to focus
the squishiest target fiddlesticks my
standard combo bits extremely low and I
pick up the kill with noxian guillotine
I switched to singe hitting decimate and
crippling strike for bonus damage and
slow I hit ghost and land as many
attacks as possible continuing to chase
him down until he finally dies to
hemorrhage
Darius excels at isolating and taking
down squishy targets alone as soon as I
can I pull twisted fate with apprehend
I'll and decimate and hit crippling
strike as soon as possible I move in
between attacks and after one more
decimate take him out with noxian
guillotine it's important to realize
that every block of health on a
Champions health bar represents 100
health this will let you estimate if a
champion is low enough to execute
without clicking on them in reading
their current health otherwise Darius is
not a true tank and should not be the
first one into the fight once your
enemies are distracted you can easily
kill everyone I aim first for
fiddlesticks I'm able to place five
stacks of hemorrhage on very quickly
following up with a decimate into an
easy kill with noxian guillotine I then
head over toward the mid lane finding
blitzcrank and twisted fate I make sure
to decimate on both of them to gain a
larger movement speed buff executing
Twisted Fate and moving immediately to
blitzkrieg I slow with crippling strike
and kill with noxian guillotine once he
gets low enough apprehend can also be
used in a support sense to save allies
here singed his chasing down ash so I
get behind him pull him back with
apprehend and lend crippling strike as
soon as possible giving us the kill on
singed and keeping ash alive I recommend
building Darius with a mix of physical
damage durability and sticking power
through movement speed and slows for
runes take flat attack damage marks flat
armor seals magic resist per level
glyphs and movement speed quintessences
for masteries take 9 20 10 taking armor
penetration in offense plus all the
durability and minion damage reduction
in defense for summoner spells take
ignite and ghost in order to destroy and
stick to your targets open with boots of
speed or cloth armor and health potions
rush Philosopher's Stone adorns blade
and take mercury treads or ninja tabi as
needed add in phage ages of the Legion
and hexdrinker for mid game items build
up torture ellios reverie frozen mallet
ma of Mel more Deus and randuin's omen
in Dominion open with prospectors blade
boots of speed and two health potions
taking ninja tabi or mercury treads
depending on your needs
and build phage plus hex recover mid
game ad in late game durability and
damage through sure ellias reverie
randuin's omen frozen mallet and maw of
malmortius thanks for tuning in to the
Darius champion spotlight please
subscribe to the Riot Games YouTube
channel above and don't forget to thumbs
us up just below the video